Hello again! This is a solution to exerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrcise 43.
You are asked to create a script that generates a text file where all letters of English alphabet are
listed two in each line.
And so the text file would look like this AB, CD, EF
and so one up to the last letters. I'm using the String module in here which is a built in module and that comes
with Python. You don't need to install String and then I'm using Open method to create a file in
write mode.
Here, tis the name I'm giving to the file.
Then again we use a for loop.
We're iterating through a zip function which aggregates this sequence.
So to say with this sequence which return,I have to open an interactive session here. Import
string.
Then let me copy this to show you what you get from this.
So this accesses the entire string.
So it accesses this string because you're saying give me that string for you zero to the
last item, but with a step of two.
So what that will do it will go to a. It will get a and then it will skip a b and then it gets c. It skips
d it gets e.
And so on. And so the same for,  same idea for this one.
We start from 1 so we skip a but we get b, we skip c but we get d and so on. You get the idea.
And then with these two variables we say for letter one and letter two,
so in the first iteration letter one will be equal to a, and letter two will be equal to b.
So what we do with a and b? Well, we concatenate those two letters, so letter plus, so letter one plus
letter two.
So that would be something like a plus b.
And then we also need this special character here which creates a break line.
So you get a string like that. Of course the terminal doesn't show this as a brake line.
This works in a text file.
So the text file will read these a as a brake line and then it goes to the next iteration.
And so on.
This is the exercise.
I hope this is clear, but ask a question if you like and I'll talk to you latter.